Warn if VLC's password is blank (#26)
bitfocus/companion-module-videolan-vlc: README.md

* Add ID option for feedback colors

**V1.1.6**

> * Prevent re-initializing variables if module is being disabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Prevent re-initializing variables if module is disabled
```

Author: The comment syntax is correct. The variables were being re-initialized _during_ the disable/destroy process. 
They are now prevented from being re-created when the module is _being_ disabled, but the process is not finished.

Reviewer: Can I suggest  that it is therefore
```suggestion
* Prevent re-initializing variables while the module is being disabled
```

Author: That one is acceptable. The patch being described is a small, specific change, so I like for that comment to be more precise without torturing the language/shorthand too much.
